[AN-142] Adding cost centaur test (#7685)
broadinstitute/cromwell: docs/Configuring.md

}
```

> Note: Cromwell currently only officially supports MySQL versions 8.0 ands 8.4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: Cromwell supports MySQL versions 8.0 and 8.4.

Cromwell intends to support all currently-maintained LTS versions.
```
